My experience of availing the personal loan was smooth.
I had a satisfactory experience with the Bank. The loan officer was helpful, and the approval process was quick. However, their interest rates were a bit higher than what I expected.
I had an excellent experience with the Bank while applying for a loan. The loan officer was efficient, and I got my loan approved within a few days.
I had to move on to another bank as it was taking a long time
I recently applied for a loan at the Bank, and the service was impeccable. They guided me through the entire process and explained all the terms clearly. 
I got my loan approved within a few days, and the Interest rate was reasonable. Highly recommended!
I had a smooth experience with the Bank while availing a loan. The process was quick, and the staff was knowledgeable. 
The loan officer was so helpful and provided me with various loan options. They were patient in answering all my questions.
It was surely disappointing experience.
I guess it was like any other good bank.Nothing special.
The willingness to explain loan products was missing.
It took weeks to get my loan approved, and their interest rates were too high. I won't be going back there again.
Bank's loan service was alright. The application process was straightforward, but it took a bit longer than I expected to get the approval
It was ok
It was quite good
I did not go after first meeting with the bank manager.He did not show any need.
It was quick.
Really happy with the process.
They offered me a competitive interest rate, and the overall process was hassle-free.
Their customer service was excellent, and they patiently answered all my questions.
I got my loan on time, and the process was stress-free.
It was a tedious process, and I regret choosing them for my loan.
Overall I managed to avail the loan with ease. 
It was fine. Took 7 days but it was expected.
This bank is always my first choice.
I needed an urgent loan, and they processed it quickly without any hassle. 
Their customer service team was supportive and made sure I had all the necessary documents in place.
They were quick in processing my application, and their staff was friendly.
The service was very good.
Overall my experience was good.
The form was too long but overall nice.
They asked for too many documents but I still recommend this bank.
The bank manager was more busy with stock market updates than customer.
When it comes to PL it is the best bank.
I always to go this bank for PL products.
The manager was very cooperative and I was assured quick sanction.
One of the best in the country when it comes to short term loans.
They mishandled my application and caused unnecessary delays.
Their customer service was unhelpful and lacked empathy.
They made the process easy, and their team was supportive throughout.
It was ok ok.
Surely I will go to this bank again next time if needed.
Their short term products are too good.
They has lot of variety in short term loan products.
Excellent service and attitude was good.
It was average service and in today’s world need not go to bank for 5 lac loan.
Associated with this bank for 10 years and happy always.
I give 10 out 10 points.
One person was rude but rest was quite good.
The team was highly professional and made sure I understood all the details. 
I received the loan promptly, and their rates were competitive.
The process was fast and staff were good.
They realised my need quickly so it was good.
It was very very slow and I gave it up
I was happy with the staff.
The variety of products is amazing. Best for personal loans.
It is one of the best place for short term loans.
Much better experience this time than 3 years ago.
I am satisfied as my need was served.
I received my loan at a reasonable interest rate without any issues.
They were quick in processing my application.
The staff was efficient but at times was playing games on mobile.
I WANTED PL OF 500000 AND IT WAS DONE IN A WEEK TIME. VERY GOOD.
Definitely a bank to bank on when it comes to credit.
It was indeed a smooth experience with timely communications.
There was a sense of urgency I could see form the word go. Very happy.
The interest rate was a bit higher but I was in urgent need so it worked well.
One of the better bank for any kind of loan.
The bank manager was very helpful so as other staff. 
I found the process too tedious and long. Surely need faster processing.
The time taken to process was too long. In case of urgency it is tough.
It was delayed by two weeks than what was committed on day 1.
They were transparent about all the costs, and the loan approval was quick.
They didn't clearly explain the terms, and I ended up with unexpected fees. 
The loan officer was patient in answering all my queries, and they offered flexible repayment options. Great experience.
The staff was attentive, and they processed my loan application quickly. Their interest rates were competitive too.
They were slow in processing my application and didn't communicate clearly about the status. 
The process was smooth, but their customer support could have been more responsive. I received my loan without significant issues.
It was good experience. I had to visit 3 times but it was ok.
hey lacked clear communication, and it took a long time to get my loan approved. It wasn't the best experience.
Bank's loan service was below par. It took a long time to get my loan approved, and their communication was poor. I expected a better experience.




















   